Add shared voicemail docs for Auto Attendant CallableEntity creation (#4882)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity.md

This example gets an application instance by name using Find-CsOnlineApplicationInstance cmdlet. We then use the AAD ObjectId of that application instance to create an application endpoint callable entity.

### -------------------------- Example 5 --------------------------
```powershell
 $callableEntityId = (Find-CsGroup -SearchQuery "Main Auto Attendant") -MaxResults 1 -MailEnabledOnly $true | Select-Object -Property Id
 $callableEntity = New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity -Identity $callableEntityId -Type SharedVoicemail -EnableTranscription
```

> This example gets an mail-enabled group by name using Find-CsGroup cmdlet. We then use the ObjectId of that group to create a shared voicemail callable entity that supports transcription.

Reviewer: I think we need to be specific and mention that it needs to be O365 group for shared voicemail and not a normal group. Maybe even have an example finding the O365 group

Author: I'm not sure I understand the comment
> example finding the O365 group

isn't `$callableEntityId = (Find-CsGroup -SearchQuery "Main Auto Attendant") -MaxResults 1 -MailEnabledOnly $true | Select-Object -Property Id` sufficient?

Reviewer: There are different type of groups (security, distritbution, O365) you can create and find using Find-CsGroup. I just feel we need to specify that shared voicemail ONLY works with O365 groups

Author: How about after my latest commit?
I updated the docs to explicitly mention it has to be an O365 mail-enabled group.

`This example gets an O365 mail-enabled group by name using Find-CsGroup cmdlet. We then use the ObjectId of that group to create a shared voicemail callable entity that supports transcription.`

This example gets an application instance by name using Find-CsOnlineApplicationInstance cmdlet. We then use the AAD ObjectId of that application instance to create an application endpoint callable entity.

### -------------------------- Example 5 --------------------------
```powershell

>  $callableEntityId = (Find-CsGroup -SearchQuery "Main Auto Attendant") -MaxResults 1 -MailEnabledOnly $true | Select-Object -Property Id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$callableEntityGroup=Find-CsGroup -SearchQuery "Main Auto Attendant" -ExactMatchOnly $true -MailEnabledOnly $true
```

>  $callableEntity = New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity -Identity $callableEntityId -Type SharedVoicemail -EnableTranscription

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$callableEntity = New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity -Identity $CallableEntityGroup[0].Id -Type SharedVoicemail -EnableTranscription
```

```

> This example gets an Office 365 group by name using Find-CsGroup cmdlet. We then use the ObjectId of that group to create a shared voicemail callable entity that supports transcription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example gets an Office 365 group by name using Find-CsGroup cmdlet. Then the Guid of that group is used to create a shared voicemail callable entity that supports transcription.
```
